README.md, before:

# awesome-pygame
A curated list of amazingly awesome Pygame tools, libraries and frameworks.

## Table of Contents
- [Awesome Pygame](#awesome-pygame)
  - [Graphics](#graphics)
  - [User Interfaces](#user-interfaces)
  - [Multimedia](#multimedia)
  - [Gameplay Systems](#gameplay-systems)
 
## Graphics
- [pygame_shaders](https://github.com/ScriptLineStudios/pygame_shaders) - a library to easily integrate shaders into your new or existing pygame projects

## User Interfaces
- [mili](https://github.com/damusss/mili) - Minimal immediate-mode python user interface library.
- [pygame_gui](https://github.com/MyreMylar/pygame_gui) - A GUI system for pygame.
- [pygame-menu-ce](https://github.com/ppizarror/pygame-menu/tree/pygame-ce) - A menu for pygame. Simple, and easy to use.
- [nevu-ui](https://github.com/GolemBebrov/nevu-ui) - A modern, high-performance GUI framework for games, featuring a declarative style of creating interface.

## Multimedia
- [pygame-video](https://github.com/kadir014/pygame-video) - Video player for Pygame
- [richyplayer](https://github.com/richkdev/richyplayer) - A video player library for pygame(-ce), works on desktop and web

## Gameplay Systems
- [pygbag](https://github.com/pygame-web/pygbag) - Python and Pygame WASM for everyone.
- [pgcooldown](https://github.com/DickerDackel/pgcooldown) - A cooldown/counter class to trigger time based events in games
- [pytmx](https://github.com/bitcraft/pytmx) - Python library to read Tiled Map Editor's TMX maps.
- [pyscroll](https://github.com/bitcraft/pyscroll) - A simple and fast module for animated scrolling maps for your new or existing game.

Commit message:

Added game-state to the list

README.md, after:

# awesome-pygame

A curated list of amazingly awesome Pygame tools, libraries and frameworks.

## Table of Contents

- [Awesome Pygame](#awesome-pygame)
  - [Graphics](#graphics)
  - [User Interfaces](#user-interfaces)
  - [Multimedia](#multimedia)
  - [Gameplay Systems](#gameplay-systems)

## Graphics

- [pygame_shaders](https://github.com/ScriptLineStudios/pygame_shaders) - A library to easily integrate shaders into your new or existing pygame projects

## User Interfaces

- [mili](https://github.com/damusss/mili) - Minimal immediate-mode python user interface library.
- [pygame_gui](https://github.com/MyreMylar/pygame_gui) - A GUI system for pygame.
- [pygame-menu-ce](https://github.com/ppizarror/pygame-menu/tree/pygame-ce) - A menu for pygame. Simple, and easy to use.
- [nevu-ui](https://github.com/GolemBebrov/nevu-ui) - A modern, high-performance GUI framework for games, featuring a declarative style of creating interface.

## Multimedia

- [pygame-video](https://github.com/kadir014/pygame-video) - Video player for Pygame
- [richyplayer](https://github.com/richkdev/richyplayer) - A video player library for pygame(-ce), works on desktop and web

## Gameplay Systems

- [pygbag](https://github.com/pygame-web/pygbag) - Python and Pygame WASM for everyone.
- [pgcooldown](https://github.com/DickerDackel/pgcooldown) - A cooldown/counter class to trigger time based events in games
- [pytmx](https://github.com/bitcraft/pytmx) - Python library to read Tiled Map Editor's TMX maps.
- [pyscroll](https://github.com/bitcraft/pyscroll) - A simple and fast module for animated scrolling maps for your new or existing game.
- [game-state](https://github.com/Jiggly-Balls/game-state) - A state machine system that allows you to handle different screens in an organized manner.
